but it's also because of the continuing
manifest destiny that comes out in your
foreign policy year after year it comes
out with the missionary nature the end
of evangelical nature of the US
political system with the belief that we
are basically and that we have to spread
this woman to other
all of these programs in the early 1960s
and extending through the 1960s well in
one form or another a policy of
state-sponsored terrorism against Cuba
when I was in the CIA's operations
training program before I went first to
South America in nineteen sixty I was at
a secrets to lay a training base called
Camp Peary which is just outside was
virginia and addis coming base we were
taught to to run and develop secret
operations and all the ways to keep the
secret what is known in business is
pregnant sevak matter were explosions
that is the use of exposures of sin very
divisive of weapons so forth and I
remember in March of nineteen sixty our
instructors in sabotage could not
conceal their happiness deadly when the
news got back from Havana of the
destruction of the French cargo vessel
lucubra in Havana Harbor
it was unloading a shipment of monster
in belleville when when there was a huge
explosion which killed the flu envy and
the fatimid was doing the unloading the
fire brigade came along with militia to
try to put out to sir notice blaze which
was occurring at a wharf right next to
the main havana railway station and
about an hour after the first explosion
another and even larger explosion
occurred which killed the fiber gay
people and the militia that were
assisting putting up fire altogether 7
100 people were killed in that blast and
hundreds were injured
if you drive down along the fourth
Avenue right now to the main railway
station on the left right where that
ship was docked there is a sculpture
later scrapped steel which was taken
from the ship and it includes the rudder
it is in the boil now and since then
although people died in that CIA
sabotage operation I went down to
Ecuador toward the end of nineteen sixty
and I was there working as an Operations
Officer based in the United States NC
undercover as a political officer and
just an S shape and I remember her well
that week or so before the bay of pigs
invasion the new came out from Havana
that the most important the largest and
recognized that the best department
store in the city was burned out it was
all del Encanto and I had shot there on
my first trip to Havana in 1957 that too
was a CIA sabotage operation and it was
fed out through the confession of dolls
made of incendiary powder if you look
exactly like the past or so
and at the given time these dolls
exploded I was with this incendiary
material was lot of powder but when you
set it off it was a huge explosion like
a bomb practically one woman was killed
in that day in that sabotage a
progression was killing the place her
name was doe value now every time I
Drive up Ariana on my way to chinatown
for lunch virgin I best say their value
[ __ ] which is where el encanto once
stood and where it stood when I got
there 1957
all together during this 45 year war I'm
just give up undeclared war against to
nearly 3,500 Cubans have been killed
more than 2,000 Cubans have been
disabled to try new [ __ ] from the
nineteen eighties until well into the
20th century the Union human unathi
extremists of the first generation of
English has been controlling United
States policy toward Cuba and this
policy is of the most extremist and
uncompromising type they are assistant
that America's not be allowed to travel
to Cuba they are insistent that every
measure be taken to to undermine and to
squeeze and to destroy the Cuban are
coming economic order is another example
of how these undeclared work against you
against me
and the purpose of his economic warfare
which has never really ended is to
squeeze the people that is to turn them
against the revolution to make them
suffer to the point where they will tire
of it and they will turn against the
revolution that's the point of because
it is meant to affect the whole
population not just let say the
government or the revolutionary
leadership or the Revolutionary Party
for example but what yoga is concerned
these operations to develop a political
opposition received major emphasis from
the 1990s on into the into the V 21st
century and a ID in recent years this is
let's say from nineteen ninety-eight on
has spent nearly 30 million dollars in
on Cuban programs and most of this money
to support
so much industry of NGOs most of them
based on items all these things have
been cleared out against you three years
and until the United States determines
that you should have a right and make it
own decisions on the type of glitter and
social system that it once these things
going to continue by the time the at
least the dictatorship was overthrown
the children's knew what to expect from
the United States they knew the United
States would try to repeat here in Cuba
what they had successfully carried out
in Guatemala five years earlier
J of course was part of the revolution
here and he knew what had happened bro
holla studied the rest of leadership and
so they knew they had to be prepared for
aggression from the United States as
recent as april 2003 the south florida
sun-sentinel based in Fort Lauderdale
carried a large reporting section on the
training outside Miami in the Everglades
of a group called the